early as possible home as soon as you are up for a slate or use I would
say as soon as you get to your first duty station so as soon as you
get there you should always be thinking about what you want to go
there we want to do next what what bought what bill it's what options
that that may be available for you to do next and how it relates to
and how it revolves around what you want to accomplish with your family
give you an example for example myself I like to be married in
a couple years I'm pursuing a department head and one day be a CEO
I would like to go back to Jacksonville that's where I have a rental
property my family's from Georgia in say everything goes as planned
and I get married have kids I would like my key is to know my parents
but in the event that I'm shipped off to say San Diego or nor full
or Hawaii or Japan or Spain at just makes it the situation a little
bit more you know difficult to deal with so coming up with secondary
and tertiary options early and often you know I can better prepare
myself and my family and my situation going for